Authors: Alexander Malyshev (amalyshe), Chong Xie (chongx)

The basic idea of the project was that instead of building an online portfolio as per the hw4 suggestion, we would make an online portfolio maker. Using our tool, you can design a portfolio for yourself, then receive the html, css, and js for a working portfolio site.

A tutorial is available through "Show Tutorial" in the top right corner. Here's a more detailed version.

When you start, you will see a single Pane (each part of the generated portfolio is called a Pane). Above the pane, you should see some options like changing the background of the pane (either solid color or gradient, click on the color square) as well as tools that you can use. Click on a tool and then click (DO NOT CLICK AND DRAG) on the Pane. This will create a new element of that type. Clicking on that element focuses it, allowing you to change it. If it's a rectangle, you can change background and opacity. If it's text, you can change what text goes inside, font type/size/color. If it's an image, click on "Pick File" to be taken to the filepicker dialog where you can select images you may have stored anywhere.

All elements can be moved around (click and drag the element somewhere inside), resized (click and drag the edges), moved to the front or back if there are overlapping elements, and deleted.

Click on the grey plus sign on the right to add a new pane. When you have more panes, click on the small previews on the left and right to rotate to them. 

Click on Preview to see what your portfolio looks like. Click on Save to get save code (JSON string), which you can use to re-load your portfolio and continue where you left off.

You can load a portfolio in progress by clicking on Load a portfolio. See example.txt for example portfolio JSON. See the example folder for the resulting website generated by the app.

Used a jQuery plugin for color picking, filepicker.io for image getting, and a css button generator for the super cool buttons in the top right. Everything else is handwritten (relevant files are scripts/main.js, index.html, and css/style.css).

The code is a bit of a mess, but we didn't have time to clean it up before submitting.
